WIP: Add column with custom analyzer (#17555)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/5.10.3.rst

- Fixed an issue that prevented the use of custom analyzers with
  :ref:`shingle token filters<shingle-tokenfilter>`.

- Fixed an issue that would prevent usage of a column with a custom

>   :ref:`ANALYZER<ref-create-analyzer>` which has been added to a table with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :ref:`ANALYZER <ref-create-analyzer>` which has been added to a table with
```

Should this also note that it doesn't repair tables where this was already done and that it only works for new `ALTER TABLE .. ADD COLUMN` statements?

Author: yes, thx for the reminder.

- Fixed an issue that prevented the use of custom analyzers with
  :ref:`shingle token filters<shingle-tokenfilter>`.

> 
> - Fixed an issue that would prevent usage of a column with a custom
>   :ref:`ANALYZER <ref-create-analyzer>` which has been added to a table with
>   :ref:`ADD COLUMN <sql-alter-table-add-column>`. The fix doesn't apply to such
>   columns which are already added to tables after their creation. Those columns
>   need to be dropped and recreated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Fixed an issue that would prevent usage of a column with a custom
  :ref:`ANALYZER <ref-create-analyzer>` which has been added to a table with
  :ref:`ADD COLUMN <sql-alter-table-add-column>`. The fix doesn't apply for
  columns which were already added to tables after their creation before
  5.10.3. Those columns need to be dropped and recreated.
```
